update closeCookieB function to resolve issue (#231)
app-illinois/Design-Resources: applications/ila-cookie-banner/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All notable changes to the cookie banner will be documented in this file.
```
